# Template Library

Template library is built to support administrator creating new experience in Practera 2.

Administrator, author or coordinator can create a new experience from a template.

## Create Template

### Create Private(Custom) Template

* Private template is only visible to people in the same institution.
* Only Administrator(Institution Admin) can create a private template
* UI workflow
  * On the "my experiences" page, click the `...` of an experience card.
  * Choose "Create template".
  * Fill in the name of the template.
  * Click "Create template".
  * A private template will be created.
* API Logic
  * When user click "Create template" button, it will send a request to GraphQL `mutation exportExperience`
  * Inside GraphQL, it will send a request to CORE API to get the experience data.
  * Then GraphQL will send a request to template library API `POST /template` to create the template
  * Template library API will create the template in a global Dynamodb

### Create Public Template

* Public template is visible to anyone.
* Public template can only be created via a manual request to the API by a Practera internal team member.
* There is no UI to create a public template.
* A Practera internal team member will need to send a request to GraphQL `mutation exportExperience` with a "system" jwt(`role: 'system'` in payload)
* API logic is same as above

## Show Template

* Templates will be displayed in the template library UI (in "my experience" page, click the button to create experience)
* GraphQL API `query templates` is used to query the templates
* Inside GraphQL, it will send request to template-lib-api `GET /templates` to get the templates

## Use Template

* On the template detail page, click "Use Template" to create a new experience with the template.
* `query importExperienceUrl` will be requested to get a url to create the experience.
* When front-end get the url, it will use this url to create an SSE event to the CORE to create the experience.
* The progress of the creation will be passed through the SSE, so that front-end will display the progress bar to indicate the progress.
* Once the creation of experience finished, front-end will redirect user to the experience design page.

## Delete Template

* Only Administrator(Institution Admin) can delete private template in the institution.
  * On the template detail page, click "Delete Template" to delete the template
  * `mutation deleteTemplate` will be requested to delete the template
* Currently there's no UI to delete a public template.
* To delete a public template, we need a Practera team member to trigger it manually.
* Similar to create public template, a "system" jwt is required to delete a public template.
