# Chat

## Scheduled chat message

### Background

We need a way for admin/coordinator to schedule a message to the cohort wide chat channel. It should also be deletable.

### Key logic

* DB change
  * Add new db fields `scheduled`(datetime), `is_sent`(boolean) to chat log table.
* Create chat channel
  * Admin/coordinator will be able to create 2 new **announcement** channels (only admin/coordinator are allowed to post message to the channel).
  * One is a cohort wide channel for learner only.
  * The other is a cohort wide channel for expert only.
* Create/update/delete scheduled message
  * Use the normal create message API with a new parameter `scheduled` to pass a datetime string.
  * Create a new API to update a message.
  * Create a new API to delete a message.
* Chat messages
  * To get normal chat message history, filter by `is_sent = true`
  * To get scheduled chat messages, filter by `is_sent = false`
* Cronjob
  * A cronjob that checks db regularly for every X minutes.
  * Check if there are past scheduled messages that haven't been sent. If so, change the `is_sent` to true and send the Pusher event.
  * Send an unread chat reminder email to the user when there are unread chat messages and the user hasn’t seen them within 10 minutes.
  * Only send one email to the user before he checks the chat.

### Tasks

* [CORE] Create migration to add field "scheduled", "is_sent" to chat log table.
* [Chat API] Able to pass scheduled time when create message.
* [Chat API] Filter the chat messages that are scheduled later.
* [Chat API] Create API to update a message.
* [Chat API] Create API to delete a message.
* [CORE] New unread chat reminder email (new reminder email logic, send Pusher event if a passed scheduled message hasn’t been sent).
* [CUTIE] UI to allow schedule cohort wide message.
